[Server] Allow runtime-resolved element handlers (#294)
modelcontextprotocol/php-sdk: docs/server-builder.md

Reviewer: please default line length to 120 chars

Author: Fixed. New docs wrap at 120.

For more details on MCP elements, handlers, and attribute-based discovery, see [MCP Elements](mcp-elements.md).

### Runtime Handlers

When an element's shape is not known at compile time (e.g. config-driven
integrations), reflection-based discovery does not apply. Implement an
element-specific runtime interface instead and pass the instance to the
Builder.

| Element kind     | Interface                                |
|------------------|------------------------------------------|
| Tool             | `RuntimeToolHandlerInterface`            |
| Prompt           | `RuntimePromptHandlerInterface`          |
| Resource template| `RuntimeResourceTemplateHandlerInterface`|

> | Resource         | `RuntimeHandlerInterface`                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Resource         | `RuntimeResourceHandlerInterface`        |
```

Author: Fixed. The table was rewritten and now lists the four `*HandlerInterface` (Tool / Resource / ResourceTemplate / Prompt), so the inconsistency is gone.

For more details on MCP elements, handlers, and attribute-based discovery, see [MCP Elements](mcp-elements.md).

### Explicit element registration

When an element's name, schema, or description is only known at runtime

> (for example, a Drupal module bridging configuration entities into MCP

Reviewer: I would favor to name drop the Drupal mcp module in the front readme instead:

```suggestion
(for example, a configuration or database entities into MCP
```

Author: Fixed. The section now reads exactly as you suggested.

| Prompt            | `Mcp\Server\Handler\PromptHandlerInterface`           |

Each handler interface declares a single execution method. Tool and
prompt handlers receive an arguments map and a `ClientGateway`. Resource
handlers receive the requested URI; resource template handlers
additionally receive the parsed template variables.

```php
use Mcp\Schema\Tool;
use Mcp\Server;
use Mcp\Server\ClientGateway;
use Mcp\Server\Handler\ToolHandlerInterface;

final class WeatherHandler implements ToolHandlerInterface
{
    public function execute(array $arguments, ClientGateway $gateway): mixed
    {
        return ['temperature' => 21, 'unit' => 'C'];
    }
}

$tool = new Tool(
    name: 'get_weather',
    title: null,
    inputSchema: [
        'type' => 'object',
        'properties' => ['city' => ['type' => 'string']],
        'required' => ['city'],
    ],
    description: 'Returns the current weather for a city.',
    annotations: null,
);

$server = Server::builder()
    ->add($tool, new WeatherHandler())
    ->build();
```

`Builder::add()` validates the pairing at registration time. Pairing a
`Tool` definition with, for example, a `PromptHandlerInterface` raises

> `Mcp\Exception\ConfigurationException`. The schema value object validates

Reviewer: this is actually implemented differently => raising a `TypeError`, but I'd actually favor to throw a package specific exception over a `TypeError`, e.g. `Mcp\Exception\InvalidArgumentException`

Author: Fixed. `Builder::add()` now throws `Mcp\Exception\InvalidArgumentException` on a mismatched pairing instead of letting PHP raise a `TypeError`.

For more details on MCP elements, handlers, and attribute-based discovery, see [MCP Elements](mcp-elements.md).

### Explicit element registration

> When an element's name, schema, or description is only known at runtime (for example, the Drupal `mcp` module exposing

Reviewer: Let's move the Drupal reference to README section "PHP Libraries Using the MCP SDK"
